5/18/2018 Asensio.com


http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/ 1/3


Share this:


Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn


CNBC: The Netflix Monster


Posted on December 3, 2010 by asensio.com


December 3, 2010 


CNBC: The Strategy Session, hosted by David Faber and Gary


Kaminsky


Segment: The Netflix Monster


Will Netflix, the Godzilla of online movie downloads, continue to fly


or meet its doom at the 


hands of investors. Noted short-seller Manuel Asensio says for this


company, the show is over. 


Click here to watch the video.


Share this:


Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn


Posted in Netflix, Inc.


Winstar […]
failed to make
an interest
payment on
some debt,
shortly before it
fell into
bankruptcy, as
Asensio
predicted.
Charles Gasparino 
 Blood on the Street


About Our Founder


Learn more
about
asensio.com's
founder, Manuel
P. Asensio, and
the website's
origins. Click
here to be


directed to Mr. Asensio’s
professional biography.


Investment Record


Click here to
view a list of the
companies that
have been
subjects of
asensio.com
reporting and
click here to see


the complete investment
record.


   


   


ABOUTABOUT INVESTMENT RECORDINVESTMENT RECORD REPORT RECORDREPORT RECORD MEDIA RECORDMEDIA RECORD INVESTOR AND PUBLIC ADVOCACYINVESTOR AND PUBLIC ADVOCACY



http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/?share=twitter&nb=1

http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/?share=facebook&nb=1

http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/?share=linkedin&nb=1

http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/

http://www.asensio.com/author/anthony/

http://video.cnbc.com/gallery/?video=1680959738&play=1

http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/?share=twitter&nb=1

http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/?share=facebook&nb=1

http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/?share=linkedin&nb=1

http://www.asensio.com/category/companies/other-coverage/netflix-inc/

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=1758

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=1758

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=6475

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=1744

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=6475

http://www.asensio.com/

http://www.asensio.com/about/

http://www.asensio.com/complete-investment-record/

http://www.asensio.com/category/investor-advocacy/
5/18/2018 Asensio.com


http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/ 2/3


TV Appearances


Click here to view
asensio.com’s
appearances on
various television
programs, including
CNBC and
Bloomberg TV. These
appearances reflect


asensio.com’s tradition of
taking the time to engage in


Sold Short


Asensio & Company,
Inc.'s book
published by John
Wiley & Sons, Inc.
titled "  
 
Sold Short:
Uncovering
Deception in the


Markets".


Subscribe to
asensio.com


Email Address


SubscribeSubscribe


Media Record


Click here to see
selected articles
that discuss
asensio.com's
work and its
unique legacy.
asensio.com also
strives to


maintain a complete
record of articles dealing
with the companies that
are the subject of
asensio.com research.


Asensio and FINRA


Asensio & Company, Inc.
and Manuel P. Asensio
are the only dedicated
short sellers ever to have
been members of FINRA.
This unique-minority
membership created
complications in the
regulatory relationship.
Being the first activist
short investors and
among the first FINRA
member firms with a
website added to the
complexity. A statement
by Mr. Asensio is
available here.
Information necessary to
obtain a meaningful
understanding of the
dispute is available in
complete form HERE.



http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=1714

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=1714

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=1875

http://www.asensio.com/?cat=80

http://www.asensio.com/?cat=80

http://www.asensio.com/?cat=77

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=7370

http://www.asensio.com/?page_id=7374
5/18/2018 Asensio.com


http://www.asensio.com/cnbc-the-netflix-monster/ 3/3


open meaningful dialogues
including taking an active part
in the public debate about
investment valuation.


TERMS OF USE  PRIVACY POLICY  CONTACT  PRIVATE


© 2018 Asensio.com Powered by Eleven Suns Media, All Rights Reserved.



http://www.facebook.com/asensiowebsite

http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=161165357

http://www.facebook.com/asensiowebsite

http://www.asensio.com/termsofuse-2/

http://www.asensio.com/privacypolicy/

http://www.asensio.com/contact-index/

http://www.asensio.com/category/private/

http://www.elevensuns.com/
